while there are only around 60
Lamborghinis in New Zealand their owners
are and understandably proud Bunch
which is why this year they've started a
lamborghini fun run it's a run not a
race but that didn't stop the iconic
cars turning heads
David farrier got behind the wheel to
see what all the fuss is about
this isn't a sound you hear or a size
you see every day 13 Lamborghinis all
lined up a New Zealanders key on
Lamborghinis per capita we have one of
the highest in the world relative to the
population for ownership of Lamborghinis
the mission was to drive from central
Auckland up north to Matakana I'd be
behind the wheel of this yeah the cars
seem to like it
gives me time from so I can save up for
one of these one day hopefully but yeah
now it's dreams dreams of Rio's was and
in the lineup one dream car this is the
first Lamborghini that ever came to New
Zealand of 1969 and that's quite a
remarkable thing that has stayed here
all that time during the forties and
fifties Lamborghini made tractors after
becoming frustrated with Ferraris mr.
Lamborghini decided to make cars and now
we have these any tips because I'm
finding myself quite nervous and the
driver's seat to be honest yeah well
they can be a little bit intimidating
you sort of feel like you're sitting on
the road that I think that you'll notice
probably already having driven it up
here this the the sound the feeling
there's nothing like driving a
Lamborghini I would just suggest get in
and enjoy every bit of time you're in
the car
at times you forget what you're driving
then the rear-vision mirror reminds you
anyone car was pulled over by police and
that was for a number photo shoot all in
all a successful and Naugle fun run
unfortunately while everyone else gets
to keep mmm bikini I have to take mine
back so one last chance to tear it up
David Ferriero the Renu